Create CCC-TAC-Minutes-2023-03-09.md (#159)
confidential-computing/governance: TAC/Meetings/2023/2023-03-09/CCC-TAC-Minutes-2023-03-09.md

**2023 Goals**

* DM discussed 2023 plans
  * Cross-org/Cross SIG 
    * Regulatory work (GRC SIG)
      * MN gave status on objectives that will be updated in April review
    * FHE educational content
  * Community development
    * Outreachy update next meeting

**Project Progression**

* DM overviewed the [progression policy](https://github.com/confidential-computing/governance/blob/main/project-progression-policy.md)
* Gramine has requested to progress in state
* Eric Voit discussed the origin (CNCF) and that it has a different focus than the CCC
  * What are the additional services do projects need or want per stage of progression
  * Only benefit now is visibility (publicity) on the website, no per-state additional benefits at present, though there could be.
  * [Benefits list](https://github.com/confidential-computing/governance/blob/main/project-progression-policy.md#benefits-of-being-a-recognized-consortium-project)
* Only approved stages are sandbox and incubation, the rest of the document is a proposal and has not been approved
* DT discussed if there was a real need to have different stages

> * Mentors to get input from their projects for discussion in the next meeting

Reviewer: This sounds like an action item but isn't marked with **ACTION**

**TAC Tech Talk**

* eBPF - Dave Thaler

>   * DT presented an overview of eBPF and how it relates to the CCC

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * DT presented an overview of eBPF and how it relates to Confidential Computing
```

**Outreach Update**

* DM summarized OC3
* Helen Lau reported that Ben Fischer is delivering the Keynote to OC3 instead of Stephen Walli
* Mark Novak talked about his presentation - on what stands in the way of broad adoption
* DM talked about a few other talks

**Conformance to Terminology**

* Alec Fernandez discussed the [NVIDIA blog](https://blogs.nvidia.com/blog/2023/03/01/what-is-confidential-computing/)
  * The diagram that shows TEE and the AMD SEV-ES environment, and other technologies like Homomorphic Encryption under the heading of Confidential Computing - does this meet the definition of Confidential Computing?
  * DM noted that the diagram may have been created before CCC Terminology was published
  * Alec concerned with referring to CC in a blog post with an opinion that is not broadly agreed to as being correct

>   * DM posed a GB question for conformance enforcement, DT volunteered Mike Bursell to send email to NVIDIA for possible cleanup of the blog, AF to reach out to MB

Reviewer: "AF to reach out to MB" sounds like an action item, but it's not marked with **ACTION**

  * Nicolae Paladi suggested reusable graphics created and kept up-to-date by the CCC

  ***ACTION*** Kurt to pose the CCC Terminology enforcement question to the Governing Board for discussion

* DT discussed [conformance spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1H07OqDilgSWQpf2xZ-yJUSHL249VaXroVv1eeacVOVc/edit#gid=0)
  * Can CC be computationally detectable for implementing a test suite? Needs independent verification, certification programs

>   * Test plan that an independent auditor could review and certify, not necessarily code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Would need a CCC test "plan" (checklist), not necessarily code, that an independent auditor could review and certify
```

>   * MN agreed to take this forward in the GRC in April

Reviewer: This sounds like an action item but it's not marked with **ACTION**
